add scite paragraph (#942)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/60.methods.md

Manubot uses Zotero [@url:https://www.zotero.org] to extract metadata for some types of citations.
These features support directly citing clinical trial identifiers such as `clinicaltrials:NCT04292899` [@clinicaltrials:NCT04292899].

A new plugin was also added to Manubot to support "smart citations".

> The plugin uses the [Scite](https://scite.ai/) service to display a badge below each citation with a set of icons and numbers indicating how many times that source has been mentioned, supported, or disputed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses the [Scite](https://scite.ai/) service to display a badge below each citation with a set of icons and numbers indicating how many times that source has been mentioned, supported, or disputed.
The scite badges were enabled in the HTML build of the document.
```

The badge also indicates important editorial notices, such as retractions and corrections.
This allows readers to roughly evaluate the reliability of cited sources at a glance.

> In this project, where we are disseminating rapidly evolving information of great consequence from over a thousand different sources, we found this feature invaluable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, where we were disseminating rapidly evolving information of great consequence from over a thousand different sources, this feature offered the invaluable function of streamlining the identification of references that needed to be double checked as time passed from when they were added.
```
I'm not quite sure if this does it, but trying to add in a mention of the temporal aspect of this challenge!

Manubot uses Zotero [@url:https://www.zotero.org] to extract metadata for some types of citations.
These features support directly citing clinical trial identifiers such as `clinicaltrials:NCT04292899` [@clinicaltrials:NCT04292899].

A new plugin was also added to Manubot to support "smart citations".
The plugin uses the [Scite](https://scite.ai/) service to display a badge below each citation with a set of icons and numbers indicating how many times that source has been mentioned, supported, or disputed.

> The scite badges were enabled in the HTML build of the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The scite badges were enabled in the HTML build of the document and were available for references with a DOI.
```

It's only for DOI-based citations, right?

The badge also indicates important editorial notices, such as retractions and corrections.

> This allows readers to roughly evaluate the reliability of cited sources at a glance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This alerts readers to major reliability issues of cited sources at a glance.
```

I wouldn't want to give the impression that retractions are the main way to evaluate reliability, especially in COVID literature.

Author: The "this" in that sentence was supposed to refer to the badge as a whole, not the retractions, but I didn't realize that Halie's edits made it refer to the retractions. Pushing a re-write soon.
